[link](https://www.english-exam.org/IELTS/academic_writing_samples_task_1/129/)

These two illustrations depict the trend of fast food preference in a different period in the UK. One for the expenditure on fast foods by income group in 1990, and the other shows the amount of money per week spent on fast foods from 1970 to 1990.

Let's start with the preference for food. In 1970, pizza, taking the lead of fast food, was so popular that people spent 300 dollars on this type of food per week. On the other hand, fish & chips and hamburgers weren't that prevalent, starting at 80 and 20 per week, respectively. In the following years, the amount of money spent on hamburgers and fish & chips was gradually rising. In 1980, the figures for hamburgers and fish & chips grew significantly, and later in 1990, both shared higher consumption than pizzas. The final expenditure per week for fish & Chips was 500 and hamburger was 280, whereas pizza was 210, dropping from 300 over the years.

Turn to the expense by income groups in 1990. The high-income group spent 42 dollars on hamburgers per week, which was nearly three times more than the rest fast foods. As for people who were average income, pizza wasn't a popular option in this group, and only one-third of expenditure went into this type. Let's move on to the low-income families. Interestingly, the number of fish & chips finally suppressed in this income range. In the other two income groups, hamburgers were always taking the lead. However, the tide had turned here, with only a minor ahead compared to hamburgers.