[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/29/)

Some people think that we should be spending free time on reading or word puzzles to improve our mind and body. However, some think we should let our mind rest while utilizing leisure time. In my opinion, there is no best way to do it. It is up to people themselves to decide whichever suits the best.

If you have a physical-demanding job, after a long day of work, the most relaxing thing you want to do might be just watching movies on the sofa, having snacks next to you, or simply reading to have your mind cleared, since it's been a long after physical exhausting.

By contrast, those who have a sedentary job, for example, office workers, may spend all day in front of a desk. These people might end up going jogging or having exercises to stretch their arms and legs for the sake of improving their health.

Another crucial factor we need to take into account is the people's interests. People working indoors might still want to rest their minds with static activities. Namely, a music lover is more likely to stay home to enjoy music from online streaming, or video gamers are more willing to stay in front of screens after work.

All in all, the best way to take our leisure time is very subjective. From my point of view, since I am a computer engineer who works indoors, it is better for those who have similar work types to go outside to improve their mind and body but considering personal interests, it is still up to people to decide what suits them.