[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/32/)

It is known that the world population has been growing considerably over the past decades. However, overpopulation also causes numerous issues. This is true, especially in poor and undeveloped countries. Here I am going to describe what problem it can cause and the possible solutions to this.

Extra people means we need to provide an additional food supply. This exacerbates the food deficiency situation in poor nations. Undeveloped countries are also facing unemployment problems, and an increase in population can simply make the situation worse.

On the other hand, in rich or developing countries, the climb in population implies the demand for more living spaces, which makes large cities even more overcrowded. Not to mention that the over-development of lands could also worsen the environment. Furthermore, overcrowded places also come with a higher rate of crime, forcing governments to spend extra money to fight against unlawful acts.

In my opinion, there are two possible solutions to the overpopulation issue. Firstly, abortion should be allowed for pregnant women who don't want to give birth. Secondly, governments should start regulating the size of the family. In the past, China began the "one-child policy," which penalised couples with more than one child. As the statistic indicated, it worked and slowed down the increase in population. Eventually, similar policies might be necessary for crowded nations such as India, for example.

To sum up, if the population explosion continues, more lives in poor countries will die of starvation, and even in affluent countries, life will become increasingly difficult.