[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1226/)

In our daily activities, there is probably more than a ton of Art we can access through different forms of media. It is natural to feel Art is a part of our life, while some believe it is merely a temporary escape from more important issues. My own belief is that Art is fundamental to what makes humans.

Firstly, Art is one of the few things that make humans different from animals. Human is the only creature that attempts to reflect one's life through Art, such as painting or music. Furthermore, not only is Art a kind of entertainment, but it is also a form to express our existence and culture. With the help of graphics and songs, we can record various kinds of life experiences, such as emotions, transitory memory or a picturesque scene. In my opinion, this is a strong argument for how vital Art is to humans.

Some believe Art is merely entertainment to run away from normality. Nevertheless, one of the major uses of Art is to lift people's spirits. Some songs are written to help people cope with pain. Similarly, some films are made to inspire, keeping people's minds refreshed. Thus, Art is an essential need in expressing our existence.

To summarise, Art has been a part of human history for thousands of years and helps people go through difficult times and display their life and emotions. Consequently, in my point of view, Art is more than just a form of entertainment. It is one of the defining characteristics of being human.