[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1202/)

Have you taken any competitive sports when you were in school? Some members of society believe it benefits teenagers to get into competitive sports in many aspects, while some hold the opposite opinion. Here I am going to write an essay from both points of view and give my perspective.

People who think competitive sports are great for the young claim that it helps the youth not only learn how to collaborate with others but also improve their physical well-being. Stretching arms and legs or getting sweaty also aid them in reducing stress and focusing their mind away from lessons. In addition, participating in competitive sports allows children to learn how to be team players, which is crucial concerning blending themselves to be a part of a community.

By contrast, competitive sports might also bring adverse effects on them. For those teenagers who are not good at playing sports, it might impact their confidence when they lose games or do not perform well. Plus, competition between teams and individuals can be stressful. People not doing well might feel isolated from other team members, which is a serious concern when they want to fit in with others around them.

To sum up, both sides make good arguments. While being in competitive sports might have advantages in developing a teenager, we must know that every individual is unique. Some might find happiness in playing competitive sports, whereas some might have negative feelings, for example, pressure or stress. For a better future for junior generations, we should not enforce our opinion on youngsters.