[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1194/)

Can you imagine a fully globalized world but none of a country could show any difference from each other due to abandoning their traditions? Nowadays, some suggest that it is crucial to preserve the native culture, yet certain people hold opposite opinions, showing no interest in keeping the traditional culture. Here I am going to elaborate on both views and give my thought.

In a fully globalized world, we share more common interests and activities than before, but it comes with a cost. The expansion of globalization is often at the expense of regional tradition. Despite this, some benefits are evident in terms of replacing the less pleasant part of the traditional culture. For example, the workplace culture in western countries tends to be more straightforward to colleagues, which greatly enhances our working efficiency. Unlike the workplace culture in western world, the eastern working style used to be less performant due to the culture being extra bureaucratic, which sometimes results in employees being busy dealing with chores instead of actual tasks.

In spite of the fact that positive influences brought by globalization, preserving what we have could enable potential in the economy. For instance, tourism. Many come to a different country on holidays to experience exotic customs. Tourists can dine in restaurants or shop in boutiques to support local businesses. People travel to distinct nations to escape from what they are already familiar. The reason why traditional culture preservation is necessary in regard to tourism is that we like to see something new and eye-opening stuff. Blending local culture with tourism serves the purpose well.

To sum up, we can see why some people would let traditional culture die rather than take part in the preservation because of the improvement in different aspects. However, it is undeniable that custom culture plays a vital role in industries like tourism. In my opinion, I like to travel and see things different from my ordinary life, so it would be great to see more and more people joining the preservation of their culture.