[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1173/)

It is known that both experience and knowledge are crucial to the modern workplace around the globe. However, some think experience does outweigh the importance of knowledge. Here I am going to discuss my thought on this topic.

Some professions require more knowledge than their experiences, for example, scientists and engineers. People working in these industries must keep up with the latest information, as the trends in these businesses are constantly changing, with thrilling discoveries every day. Take computer engineers as an example. Catching up with the latest technology from sources like academic studies is one of the engineers' responsibilities, which helps them improve the efficiency of computer applications or resolve the complexity of the software architecture. Sharpening their skills or expertise will surely advance the performance of their work, but not as important as knowing the essentials of their work.

On the other hand, in different sectors, namely cooks, mechanics and maintenance workers. Accumulating experience is more important than catching up with theoretical practices. One factor that shows why their works are valuable is the time spent consumption of a task. If we take time consumption into consideration, it is now easier to understand why these occupations prefer experience over knowledge. The faster they have things done, the more one could benefit. In these categories, getting jobs done as soon as likely is more critical than knowing the actual knowledge behind things.

To sum up, I believe the answer is "it depends," as professions have distinct masteries to master. Different kinds of work are required to obtain nonidentical skills to accomplish tasks. From my point of view, experience is the same important as knowledge. One can not replace the other.