[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1139/)

In recent years, we have seen students become more reliant on the Internet. It is undoubtedly that the Internet is a powerful tool when it comes to educational purposes, as tons of beneficial learning resources are available out there. Nevertheless, others claim that the use of the Internet should be restricted because it might have negative impacts on students' research skills. Personally, I believe there are pros and cons in terms of handling tools. Here I am going to write an essay to elaborate on this topic.

Firstly, the Internet is almost an essential part of our daily life. It is widely used in many aspects of society, for example, finding information, personal finance, keeping in touch with friends and family, social networking and so forth. Therefore, once a student manages to harness the tool, much informative knowledge will come in handy, enhancing one's ability further. In addition, for study, most up-to-date information is only available on the Internet. If students were using hardcopy materials, these books would have probably been out of date when students purchased them, considering how fast society changes and the ever-changing technology breakthrough nowadays.

Despite the Internet being an extremely helpful tool, it still has some downsides. We must be aware that not all websites are reliable or contain accurate information. Students have to evaluate and check the material they find on the Internet. Furthermore, many students copy large amounts of content directly from the Internet, such as essays, and what is even worse is that some may even pretend it is their own work. If students do this without understanding or analysing, they will not truly learn it. Teachers have the responsibility to teach them how to use the material properly.

To sum up, schools and universities should teach students how to use this piece of technology in a proper way such that they can develop independent research skills. Only if students know how to utilize it can they become better and have better opportunities in the future.