[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1178/)

Community spirit can be promoted by various means, including investment in local amenities. While I agree that this approach is worthwhile, it is not necessarily the best, as there are other equally crucial strategies. Here I am going to write an essay about my idea on this topic.

It is no doubt that leisure complexes such as parks and sports centres are crucial for bringing people of all ages together and providing opportunities to hang out with friends or meet new people. Facilities with a wide range of activities like swimming or yoga classes give neighbours a chance to meet with each other, and thus the community spirit is further strengthened. Even amenities that can only come up with static activities, such as a library, also play a role in developing a local circle. 

On the other hand, improving hardware is not the only way to contribute to local solidarity. Measures like holding festivals or competitions are also helpful, not just in parks but in streets that are closed off to traffic for the day or weekend. In fact, any activity that involves bringing the locals together, such as volunteering in the clean-up of local neighbourhoods or tidying up local spaces, is worthwhile.

To sum up, investing in local amenities is one among many approaches that contribute to the fostering of a good spirit within a communitiy. Either building facilities or celebrating festivals helps to nurture the local identity. Hence, building leisure centres in the neighbourhood is not the only way to bring unity to the locals.