[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1225/)

It is widely known that a happy marriage is the bedrock of any community, with a greater likelihood of being a harmonious family, and if children result, descendants are more likely to have healthier a growth background and personality. Therefore, it is important to support the institution of marriage in every way possible. However, one question in relation to this should be answered: at what age should couples be allowed to marry?

There are a number of reasons for making the minimum age for marriage as late as possible. Many believe that older people are able to make more rational decisions than teenagers can. Older people might have seen enough of the world to know that the feelings that they hold for someone at a given moment may not last. They realise that characteristics like physical beauty or sport skill may not be the only ones that bring happiness to a relationship. Older couples might give more consideration to factors such as income and job prospects, but also some personality traits, such as tolerance, kindness, and more.

Nevertheless, others contend that it is unrealistic to make couples wait until their 20s before marrying. People who support this idea suggest that as soon as the boy and the girl hit puberty, they should be allowed to marry. Preventing them from doing so might result in resentment between generations and even an increase in the number of unsupported pregnancies. 

To conclude, considering both sets of arguments, 18 should be old enough for couples to make a decision which they think is worth it. Thus, I feel that 18 should be made the legal minimum at which couples can marry.