[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1162/)

Advances in medical care result in prolonging human lifespan but there are negative effects on public health care services, with many hospitals struggling to cope with the growing burden of providing services to the populace. Although at present, many countries enjoy the benefits of free or subsidised national public health care, some senior health managers claim that such provision will be soon unsustainable. I firmly agree that changes have to be made to reflect this ever-changing reality.

Despite the notion that healthcare should be free, such care is funded by taxpayers predominately. According to a recent report in my country, almost 40% of the nation's tax goes to the public health sector, and 80% of the figure is reserved for treating the elderly. This disproportionate amount of money has vastly increased the burden on the state of healthcare, and soon the funding will no longer sufficiently meet people's needs. The negative impacts on the standard of healthcare are disclosed by numerous media reports about the conditions of staff and patients. If we want better healthcare quality, the financial concern must be alleviated.

One way to resolve this would be to increase the contributions made by citizens through increased taxation. Alternatively, governments could incentivise those who can afford it to take up private healthcare insurance. By letting some switch to private plans, the well-off will have better care quality, while at the same time relieving pressure on public services for those who do not have the means to access private insurance.

To sum up, one thing for sure is an ageing population has increased the pressure on existing health provisions. If we want this welfare to sustain the public for long, more funding must be found through either taxation or alternative provision should be considered. Otherwise, the standard will fall, and people's lives will be put at risk.