[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1229/)

With the advent of social media services, such as Facebook or Twitter, people are now able to make friends and keep in touch online. However, some argue that this way of communication may be harmful to the younger generation. It may have negative impacts on their social skill and how they form personal relationships. Here I am going to discuss the pros and cons of social media.

Undoubtedly, with the help of social media and the Internet, we can now reach out to people from all over the world, regardless of geography or background. Thus, it is easier to make friends anywhere via the communication of text or video calls. Moreover, social media also acts as a platform to spread influence. Everyone can share their experience with anyone.

In spite of its usefulness, every technology also comes with negative impacts. Many say that social media sites help connect with people, which can be true. However, teenagers browsing these websites without any guidance might believe what they are told without further thinking, putting them in dangerous situations. A real case is that dangerous challenges are shared on a social media called Tiktok, and according to news reports, many young lives have been injured or died due to copying these behaviours blindly.

In conclusion, while it is true that social media sites are useful and help people to stay in touch effortlessly, we need to be careful and not forget that it also brings negative impacts on people, especially the young. Personally, I prefer online communication, but caveats need to be paid attention to.