[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1152/)

Since the huge increase in tourism over the past half-century, whether or not tourism could benefit local habitants is a debatable issue. It is true that the local economy is boosted by the overcrowding of tourists and hiked prices of hotels. Yet, it comes with a cost in the environment and social issues due to relying on tourism as a primary source of annual income.

Deserted communities can be changed beyond recognition by mass-market tourism. Thanks to package holiday companies operating huge numbers of low-cost flights to high-rise hotels in developing areas, easy money can be earned during seasonal influx, which means the local government sees increased tax revenue and local employment. However, when the tourist season comes to an end, employment ceases, and the migration of people moving to other cities in the hope of job hunting leaves the elder behind. 

On the other hand, the local community do gain language skills and other fringe benefits. Such a large volume of travellers every year can cause environmental issues to fragile habitats and historical sites. Over time, historical buildings may be worn away or even demolished in favour of luxury hotels. Local infrastructure can fail to cope with a large number of visitors, leading to pollution and litter. Yet, it can be changed when local government intervenes and ensures the repeat investment in infrastructure and business, creating an economic improvement and tourism becomes more of an established industry.

Overall, tourism can be a good source of income for countries blessed with natural beauty or sites of historical interest. Despite this, governments must ensure that the wishes of local businesses are not put before the needs of the local community. Any revenue generated by tourism is reinvested in the area to protect the local environment.