[link](https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/ielts_writing_samples_task_2/1114/)

How we work has changed a great deal in recent years. While some still commute to where they work each day, some have the option to work from home. It has all become possible since the birth of the Internet and various communication devices and software, enabling workers to stay connected with their colleagues and clients all around the world. However, everything comes with a cost. Here I am going to write an essay and elaborate on this topic.

The main advantage of this trend is employees being allowed to work from home. One of the spotlights of this work type is that it gives workers more flexibility in their working time. It can be particularly helpful for people who are parents or want to have more time to company their family. Working from home also provides flexible working time, which allows workers to take breaks and start working again once they feel comfortable and productive. Another advantage is freeing the choice of geology locations. Employees can work for companies in other countries through the Internet. Therefore, it widens job opportunities and the talent pool for employees and employers.

On the other hand, there are also downsides to this work type. Working in a space where colleagues can physically attain can be a sociable activity which many enjoy, especially for those who live alone. Without social life, one might feel lonely. Another downside of remote working is that it challenges one's discipline - not only do workers need to manage their time well to complete tasks but resist the temptation of slacking off.

To sum up, there are advantages and disadvantages to working from home. There are many benefits to this working style, namely more time flexibility and being free from physical limitations. The cons are the lack of social activity and unproductive employees due to insufficient discipline. Since everything is a trade-off, one needs to know oneself to choose a work style that suits the best.